seo takes forever to get results there
must be a better way to get traffic that
doesn't involve ads hi everyone i'm neil
patel and today i'm gonna break down how
this works way better than seo
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
look
you're probably like neil you blog out
about seo you have a seo tool called
uber suggests what could be better than
seo well there's a ton of things better
than seo and you can probably name tons
of them even though i'm addicted to it
and generally i'm just addicted to
digital marketing but even though i blog
about seo and i believe in it because it
produces such amazing results and you
can create literally 100 million plus
even billion dollar companies just
through seo you're probably wondering
neil
what is it that you
works way better than seo i want you to
check out something on my website and i
mentioned it in this video it's called
ubersuggest neilpatel.com ubersuggest
and it's a tool you can put in your
domain name
and it gets keyword shows you you know
what keywords your domain rates for your
competitors rank for even tells you what
keywords your competitors rank for that
you don't it'll even tell you how many
people link to you or even tell you how
much traffic you're getting or estimate
that it'll even tell you new keyword
opportunities and you can do keyword
research or content research it even
tells you what errors you have on your
website
so how is this better than seo
do you want to know what drives more
traffic than anything else
take a guess
uber suggests
did you know
over 400 000 people a month find my
website by just
either typing in the keyword uber says
or going directly to my domain
on the flip side less than a hundred
thousand people a month find my domain
by typing in neil patel
so what does this tell you
tools are more powerful
tools work better than content
tools build more links than manually
reaching out when i created a free tool
uber suggests and i just kept releasing
more and more features for free sure
there's paid features as well but
majority of the app is for free did you
know i generated over 10 000 backlinks
and i didn't really have to do anything
just kept improving the product
see with my content i had to keep trying
to come up with new content that's fresh
that no one's ever talked about
with my old content i had to keep
updating and spending money on it
with the tool it keeps generating
goodwill traffic conversions
without me putting in as much effort now
granted the upfront cost may be more and
in a bit i'm going to teach you how to
do it with actually less upfront cost
and
but it's well worth it
and when i look at my ad agency np
digital if you haven't checked out we
help companies of all sizes grow their
traffic
if you look at np digital over 40
percent of our customers are coming from
uber suggests
that's the power of the tool
that's what you can't take for granted
so what i want you to do
is go and create a tool for free and put
on your website you can go find
developers at upwork toptel and if you
can't find people at any of these places
what i want you to do is go to code
canyon codecanyon is a site where
there's tools on everything you're in
the auto industry there's a tool for
that you're in the mortgage industry
there's a tool for that you're in the
hair salon industry there's a tool for
that they literally have tools on
everything so what i want you to do is
go to their site check out one of the
tools i'm not affiliated with them and
you can get some of these tools for five
dollars ten dollars twenty dollars fifty
bucks usually it's rare to find a tool
on code canyon for over 50 bucks
and pop it on your website white label
it and then boom over time you'll find
that the tool generates more traffic
more backlinks and it helps you generate
more seo traffic without really doing
seo
if you need help with the strategy check
out my ad agency np digital where you
help companies grow and if you enjoy the
video like it share it tell people about
it and if you're struggling to figure
out what tool to use just leave a
comment below i'm always here to help